OIDC doc update #475 (#480)
rucio/documentation: docs/user/using_the_client.md

```

## Open ID Connect authentication examples
There are 2 CLI login methods. 

1. Login via user's browser + fetch code:

     ```bash
     rucio -a=\<rucio_account_name\> -S=OIDC -v whoami
     ```
     OR with rucio.cfg as:
     ```cfg
      [client]

      rucio_host = https://\<rucio_host\>:443
      auth_host = https://\<rucio_auth_host\>:443
      auth_type = oidc
      account = \<rucio_account_name\>
     ```
     ```bash
      rucio -v whoami
      ```

2. Login via user's browser + polling Rucio auth server:

     ```bash
     rucio -a=\<rucio_account_name\> -S=OIDC --oidc-polling -v whoami
     ```
     Or with rucio.cfg as:
     ```cfg
      [client]
      rucio_host = https://\<rucio_host\>:443
      auth_host = https://\<rucio_auth_host\>:443
      auth_type = oidc
      oidc_polling = True
      account = \<rucio_account_name\>
     ```
     ```bash
      rucio -v whoami
     ```

> If your rucio has multi idp setup you must specify issuer's nickname in client. You need ask you rucio provider for this value.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Rucio instance is configured for multi-IDP, you must specify the issuer's nickname in the client. You can request this value from the instance's operators.
```

  -v \
  whoami
```

> If you are specifying the scope all the required scope is needed . (at minimum `openid profile` but can be more if configured on server. Please check with rucio rucio provider)

Reviewer: This is a bit confusing: the first half says that if the scope is specified then that's all that's needed, but then we say that we require the openID profile at minimum and then possibly some other things

Author: Yes I agree, This is confusing. Let me change a thing in main PR and try to simplify this.

Author: Added a new commit in main PR and revised this.
